brutal {
	1500 The Frantic Sword is a sword-type melee weapon which deals more damage while the player is at or below 50% health or has at least 50% malaise.
	
	2000 The Dagger of Profit is a melee weapon which inflicts critical hits shortly after picking up gold.
	
	1500 The Bone is a melee weapon that has a special followup attack when successfully striking the enemy with the second attack in its combo.
	
	1500 The Crowbar is a melee weapon. It is a unique weapon which deals critical hits right after destroying a door or hitting a specific 'bestial' type enemy
	
	1500 The Assassin's Dagger is a dagger-type melee weapon, which deals critical damage when hitting enemies from behind.
}
tactics {
    2000 The Alchemic Carbine is a crossbow-type ranged weapon which poisons enemies hit by its bolts.

    1250 Boomerang is a ranged weapon which deals damage as it returns to the player. 

    1750 The Electric Whip is a whip-type ranged weapon which auto-targets enemies, and deals damage to nearby enemies when it hits. 
	
    1750 The Killing Deck is a ranged weapon that throws out sets of cards in different patterns which stick to enemies. The last hit recalls the thrown cards, dealing critical damage to struck enemies
	
    1250 The War Javelin is a javelin-type ranged weapon which knocks back all enemies in its path and can even be used to teleport after being thrown
}

survival {
    1750 The Broadsword is a heavy melee weapon which swings slowly, but deals massive damage in subsequent attacks in its combo.

    2000 The Gold Digger is a melee weapon which inflicts critical hits if the player has enough gold. 
	
    1750 The Greed Shield is a shield weapon which generates gold upon parrying attacks. 
	
    1750 The Nutcracker is a warhammer-type melee weapon which inflicts critical hits on enemies that are stunned, frozen or rooted. 
	
    2000 The Maw of the Deep is a melee weapon that has 3 hit combo with the third hit being a ranged attack. When the ranged attack hits the shark latches onto the target, rooting them and inflicting bleeding. 
}